hey this is pressure Locker think of a
two digit number add up the digits of
the number together subtract your result
from your original number I want you to
focus on this number I'll call this your
magic number in the following table
locate your magic number and concentrate
on the symbol next to your number if you
have the number 4 for example I want you
to concentrate on the symbol of the
person on the motorcycle are you
concentrating on your symbol alright I'm
going to try and read your mind now
you're looking at the symbol of an eye
did I get it correct if you followed the
directions correctly I did make the
correct prediction why is this let's go
through the steps a two digit number can
be represented by a binomial 10 X plus y
when you add up the digits of the number
that becomes the number X plus y if you
subtract the sum of the digits from the
original number the Y's will cancel out
so you have 10 X minus X which is equal
to 9 X I don't know what your original
number is I don't know what the sum of
your digits are but I know your magic
number will be a multiple of dying in
the table there will always be the same
symbol for the multiples of 9 and that's
the eye thanks for watching this video
please subscribe to my channel I make
videos on math and game theory you can
catch me on my blog mind your decisions
which you can follow on Facebook Google+
and patreon you can catch me on social
media at presto Walker and if you like
this video please check out my books
their links in the video description